4:45 PM
-a lot of responsibilities and tasks up ahead
- anwyll wants 80 targets this year
- Seats are limited in iedc room....suggestion made by anwyll was to place extra chairs and benches....either use old or slightly broken seats from college itself or conduct a small even for members of iedc in a carpentry workshop and make seats as it would be more fun.
- event flow no more ppts needed instead written physical copy is needed
- Seed calls not required this time around as it seemed pretty ineffective last year...instead call for volunteers during events and take effective ppl as seed.
- Anwyl needs an event this week....preferably a panel discussions event
- each event to have event coordinators...and this time there should be teams for each team like tech team docu team and they will have to rotate this job periodically for every event sooo they tht everyone will get an opportunity to doo all the roles
- Shwetha suggested we could call pre incubated startups to panel discussion
- Anwyll suggested that it would be better to like the break the ice and all
- Suseela suggested we conduct a treasure hunt
- John said pravaha events will be held on Friday soo teachers and some students might be busy
- Sarath suggested tht we call preincubated startups and their friends would be present 
- Joshua and Sebastian have volunteered to be event volunteers 
- Posters and other things must be ready by Wednesday and marketing will be conducted on thursday 
- suggestions were made by amit, reshma and jeslyn on the fact tht is pravahas first event on Friday soo large crowds are expected and it would be better to plan the event and do it next week preferably on Monday
- suggestions were made by Abdallah if we could make an event where other students come up with ideas to like make chairs
- John suggested that we could do street interview on Friday leveraging the crowd
- amit suggested that along with content we could set up a stall to sell lemonade and all which would help generate some funds
- Nitheesh sir said its a guud idea but stall 
But permission issues might come up
- Suggestions were raised whether clubs would be unhappy of id we conduct an event along with theirs.
- Reshma suggested tht if we could collaborate with pravaha.
- anwyll raised a concern of how we will be able to map the event if we collaborate with pravaha
- John said we don't have much time for Friday sooo our main priority is to promote orbiit and startups through interviews and collaborate inofficially with pravaha.
- we need to come up with some really guud crowd pulling events within the next 2 days to prepare the event calender
- anwyl "it's an event but an event in disguise"
- suggestions were made if we could conduct an event for building the chairs by loke showing a model or smthing 
- Anwyll suggested tht it would be better to have like a workshop within the iedc to make it more fun and have a bonding session.
- this time hacksus was assigned to tech team and start it up is assigned to incubation team....ignite assigned to documentation team....flea market to women and community event....to conduct an iic summit by Feb mar 2026
- to conduct start it up with students who want desire to start a startup and teach them from the beginning in 1 or 2 months
- summit assigned to pr team
- finance and incubation team to collaborate and conduct the start it up event and come up with ways to generate revenue through tht.
- Anwyll suggested tht it would be better to come up with products like paper bag making events...which would be a way to generate revenue.
- Mural work suggestion made by Nevin was proposed for suggestions 
- Anwyll saud an inventory check needs to be done of all the items in the room.
- Amit suggested tht instead of totally not having a seed call instead do seed call for some teams tht really need it and then for other teams slowly add volunteers later on